feat(README): Added instructions for windows user (#297)
mergestat/fuse: README.md

- Then use this command `migrate -path ./migrations -database "postgres://postgres:password@localhost:5432/postgres?sslmode=disable" force {last-successful-version}`.
- After that delete the up and down of your failed migration and recreate another migration by `migrate create -ext sql -dir migrations/ you_migration_subject`.
- And you should be good to go.

> ### Running on windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running on Windows
```

- Then use this command `migrate -path ./migrations -database "postgres://postgres:password@localhost:5432/postgres?sslmode=disable" force {last-successful-version}`.
- After that delete the up and down of your failed migration and recreate another migration by `migrate create -ext sql -dir migrations/ you_migration_subject`.
- And you should be good to go.

> ### Running fuse project on a windows machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running on Windows
```

> For this task you will need to use WSL(Windows subsystem for linux) and modify settings in docker desktop application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run `fuse` on Windows you will need to use [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about) (Windows Subsystem for Linux) and modify settings in the Docker desktop application. 
```

 - Modify your current docker desktop settings to ones showed in the pictures.

<img alt="MergeStat docker desktop general settings" src="docs/docker-general-settings.png" />
<img alt="MergeStat docker desktop resources settings" src="docs/docker-resources-settings.png" />

>  - Follow the instructions provided in this link to make correct use of wsl https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/setup/environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Follow the instructions provided [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/setup/environment) to make correct use of WSL
```

>  - After you are done installing  wsl ,  go ahead and try to install all dependencies needed to run our project inside the wsl 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - After you are done installing WSL, go ahead and try to install all dependencies needed to run our project inside the WSL
```

Should we say just try to run `docker-compose up` here using the WSL? Or is there something different that should happen?
